# Home-Appliance-Control-Dataset
A Comprehensive Dataset for Home Appliance Control using ERP-Based BCIs with the Application of Inter-Subject Transfer Learning

Brain-computer interfaces (BCIs) have a potential to revolutionize human-computer interaction by enabling direct links between the brain and computer systems. Recent studies are increasingly focusing on practical applications of BCIs – e.g., home appliance control just by thoughts. One of the non-invasive BCIs using electroencephalography (EEG) capitalizes on event-related potentials (ERPs) in response to target stimuli and have shown promise in controlling home appliance. In this paper, we present a comprehensive dataset of online ERP-based BCIs for controlling various home appliances in diverse stimulus presentation environments. We collected online BCI data from a total of 84 subjects among whom 60 subjects controlled three types of appliances (TV: 30, door lock: 15, and electric light: 15) with 4 functions per appliance, 14 subjects controlled a Bluetooth speaker with 6 functions via an LCD monitor, and 10 subjects controlled air conditioner with 4 functions via augmented reality (AR). Using the dataset, we aimed to address the issue of inter-subject variability in ERPs by employing the transfer learning in two different approaches. The first approach, 'within-paradigm transfer learning,' aimed to generalize the model within the same paradigm of stimulus presentation. The second approach, 'cross-paradigm transfer learning,' involved extending the model from a 4-class LCD environment to different paradigms. The results demonstrated that transfer learning can effectively enhance the generalizability of BCIs based on ERP across different subjects and environments.
